{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Multidimensional Arrays by Bucky\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone Multidimensional arrays can be visualized as a table, similar to how one is constructed in Microsoft excel or other fiscal office applications. The first index can be visualized as rows and the second can be columns. He uses an example using [2][3] which holds 6 elements. He initializes them as an array, holding 2 small arrays that each hold 3 elements. \
\
To reference these elements, he explains that both sets of square brackets must be specified with an index, similar to how coordinates are represented. The outside index (first) shows which of the two arrays is being accessed, the 2nd inside index represents which number in the specified array is to be accessed.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 Printing Multidimensional Arrays by Bucky\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone Bucky begins by initializing another simple 2D array with two rows and 3 columns, or rather two small arrays each with 3 elements.\
\
First, a nested for loop using \'91row\'92 and \'91column\'92 in place of the common iterators i and j for the sake of reference. The outside index loops through rows (the 2 arrays) and the inside loops through the elements within those two arrays (columns). before the closing bracket of the inside index, a cout statement is used to print the array using the iterators ([row][column]) to access the elements. To keep things organized, an endl; is thrown after the closing bracket of the inside index. This separated the two arrays giving them each their own line. Very helpful videos!!\
}