{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13000\viewh10280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Sudoku Description\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 	Within the class \'91Sudoku\'92 is one single stargGame() function that initiates the game, and closes the file once the puzzles have been assigned to the array, not in 9x9 format however. Using an extensive while-loop, the odd numbered rows are looped through, using line breaks every 3 characters to assume the format of a traditional Sudoku game board. There are a total of 27 loops, each iterating 3 characters from the gameGrid[][], this formats the game board into 9 cubes each containing 9 characters, totaling 81 per game. There is padding (____) between every 9 columns to separate the subsections of the game board. \
\
	Once the game has been printed, I prompt the user to enter a row number, followed by a column number, and finally their attempt at that 0 in the puzzle. Before assigning their attempt to the puzzle, I subtract 1 from their row and column selection to account for the offset 0 in the array. If the user makes an incorrect attempt, 5 points is subtracted from their score (assigned to 100 prior to the startGame() function). After each mistake, the user is alerted and I use a cout >> to display their current score. The current score is listed above the function, as the subtraction will not carry over multiple mistakes if it is within the while-loop. \
\
	To exit the game, the user may type exit and hit enter, which triggers a return 0 within a condition in the function and ends the program.}