{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 James Lawson\
CIS 250 Assignment 14
\fs48 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Definition/Steps\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 	Unlike some of the other tools for code reuse we have learned such as composition and inheritance, the term polymorphism describes the problem with the code you\'92re working with, not the provided solution. Poly meaning many and morph meaning forms, the code your using has many forms that can essentially be reduced to one. Like most concepts of code re use, the idea is to reduce many into one, write less code and get more use out of it. \
\
	In order for polymorphism to have the desired affect on your code, it must have Inheritance Hierarchy. In other words, you must have a base class with derived classes, inheriting the properties/functions of that base class. What separates it from basic class inheritance is the use of pointers and something called a virtual function. After declaring and defining your classes, you can create pointer objects from that base class, and assign them to the address of a derived class. When you run your program, the computer will check if the functions your calling are overridden in the derived classes, given the virtual function in your base class has the same name. To make things even more simple, in the base class, you can set that virtual function equal to 0. No curly braces and expression like a typical function. However when you do this, each derived class MUST override the virtual function.}