{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red243\green235\blue10;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c96264\c92423\c0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\qr\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs31\fsmilli15947 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 James Lawson\
CIS 118\
Week 8 Alternative Sequences\
5/19/19 (late)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
1)What are the characteristics of Alternative Sequences ?\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\cb4 Alternative sequences offer the flexibility a program needs to function with different criteria and/or input. They often vary by a given condition\cb3 \
\
2)Why do you need alternative sequences in a program ?\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\cb4 Without alternative sequences, programs will only function in a \'91straight\'92 sequence of commands. Without them, a program would not be useful in real world applications.\
\cb3 \
3)Explain what are criteria ? \cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\cb4 The means to make a decision or judgement that will alter/distinguish the outcome of a program or set of sequences.\cb3 \
\
4)How clear are you on what criteria you use in making choices in your everyday life ?  \cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\cb4 Not as clear as I would like to be, in the real world it is impossible to know what is around every corner and decisions may change or be regretted in an instant.\
\cb3 \
5)Do you think it is absolutely necessary to be perfectly clear on the conditions you write in computer programs ?\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 Why or why not ?\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\cb4 Yes, the computer is not going to know what you meant if you use the wrong assignment operator or comparison in an if statement.\
\cb3 \
6)You will notice that a block of code is indicated with a set of parentheses  \{\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 code \}.  What does it mean to have a \cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 nested if statement inside an if statement ? Give an example.\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\cb4 In a nested \'91if\'92 statement, another statement is written before the closing bracket of the first statement.\
EG: if(condition1 == \'93yes\'94)\{\
		if(condition2 == \'93yes\'94)\{\
			doThis();\
		\}\
	\}\
\cb3 \
7)Do you think most programs have a lot of Alternative sequences, if not.. why not.. if so, why so. \cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\cb4 I believe they do, as mentioned in the lecture notes, programs of straight sequences are not very useful if they only function under a single circumstance.\
\cb3 \
8)What is the purpose/advantage/benefit of Flow Charting ?\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\cb4 A flow chart offers an effective, very visual form of brain storming. Jumping right into the code before having a game plan will lead to extensive trouble shooting and writing the same code over and over.\
\cb3 \
9)What are the 6 relational operators ?\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 \
> Greater than\
< Less than\
>= Greater than or equal to\
<= Less than or equal to\
== Equal\
!= Not Equal\
\cb3 \
\
10)How is the equal sign in C++ different then in a math class ?\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\cb4 In C++, the = is used as an assignment operator, the equivalent of Mathematic\'92s = in C++ is two signs (==)\
\cb3 \
11)What is the purpose of comments ?\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\cb4 Comments enable the programmer to elaborate on what a given line of code is meant to do and why it used that way. When collaborating with other engineers, comments can help colleagues pick up where each other left off, or try to troubleshoot someone else\'92s code.\
\cb3 \
12)What did Bill Gates say about IF statements ?\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\cb4 Bill provides a succinct correlation of IF statements used in the real world and how it may provide a zombie its decision making. He explains how fast computers act on these statements and how it is such an important concept in programming.\
\cb3 \
13)What is Single Selection ?\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\cb4 When there is only one set of commands to follow the 2 possibilities of true of false in an if statement.\
\cb3 \
14)What is Double Selection ?\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\cb4 Unlike single selection that only veers by a true or false outcome, double selection has dual commands, one for both possible outcomes.\
\cb3 \
15)\cf0 \strokec0  \cf2 \strokec2 Integrated studies:  Computer Science Alternative Sequences\cf0 \strokec0  \cf2 \strokec2 (Branching, Selection, Decision) and Individual Liberty.\cf0 \strokec0  \cf2 \strokec2 Each person has a \'91volitional conceptual facility\'92 which they can use to\cf0 \strokec0   \cf2 \strokec2 create and set \'91criteria\'92\cf0 \strokec0  \cf2 \strokec2 to select \'91alternative sequences\'92. Using their mind, each person\cf0 \strokec0  \cf2 \strokec2 can best choose the \'91productive paths\'92 of life. Is that volitional\cf0 \strokec0  \cf2 \strokec2 choice, the basis/foundation, the link\cf0 \strokec0  \cf2 \strokec2 for the\cf0 \strokec0  \cf2 \strokec2 next level\cf0 \strokec0  \cf2 \strokec2 concept of Individual Liberty\cf0 \strokec0 , \cf2 \strokec2 freedom?\cf0 \strokec0 \
\
\cb4 I believe so, our ability to choose is the key insight of our freedom, as opposed to having our life decisions pre determined. How we \'91choose\'92 to prioritize and form our concepts is an important part of a person and one of the key things that I think separate people. \
}