{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red243\green235\blue10;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c96264\c92423\c0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\qr\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 James Lawson\
CIS 118\
4/30/2019(late)\
Week 15, Non contiguous Repitition \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
1)What does pass by value do ?\cf0 \strokec0  \cf2 \strokec2 Give a simple code example of a function header and a call...\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\cb4 Passing by value passes a copy of the parameter variable in a function header into the function call, the value of the variable is subject to change:\
\
void laughingByValue(int num); // header\
laughingByValue(laughCount); // call\cb3 \
\
\
2)\cf0 \strokec0  \cf2 \strokec2 What does pass by reference do ?\cf0 \strokec0  \cf2 \strokec2 Give a simple code example of a function\cf0 \strokec0  \cf2 \strokec2 header and a call...\
\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Passing by reference is passing the address of a variable in ram into a function call, the value of a string and integer is subject to change, however the address remains the same after assignment:\
\
void checkNameAddress(string &inName); // header\
checkNameAddress(newName); // call\cb3 \
\
3)\cf0 \strokec0  \cf2 \strokec2 If you has an\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 array of 100 elements, which is easier:   a or b.   Explain your answer.\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 a.Defining a function with 100 different variables so you can pass all elements of an array into it\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 b.Defining a function what passes just the location of the array, and you use the original array.\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\cb4 Choice b would be easier, requiring much less code, by using the address of the original array, you would not have to define 100 elements, you can simply access the array by passing in the address. I think it would also significantly reduce the run time of your program.\cb3 \
\
\
4)\cf0 \strokec0  \cf2 \strokec2 How is Passing just ONE value into a function\cf0 \strokec0  \cf2 \strokec2 rather than\cf0 \strokec0  \cf2 \strokec2 passing100\cf0 \strokec0  \cf2 \strokec2 separate\cf0 \strokec0  \cf2 \strokec2 value,\cf0 \strokec0  \cf2 \strokec2 like a concept ?\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\cb4 Concept formation is essentially reducing many like things into one singular entity, like reducing all 100 values into a single reference by a defining property, rather than 100 individual values.\cb3 \
\
\
5)What are other names for pass by value and pass by reference ?\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\cb4 \'91Pass by value\'92 is some times called 
\b pass by copy
\b0 , as you are using a copy of the parameter variable in the function call. When you pass by reference, I believe the technical term for \'91reference\'92 is the
\b  Address Location
\b0 \cb3 \
\
6)\cf0 \strokec0  \cf2 \strokec2 Do you think pass by reference is used a lot\cf0 \strokec0  \cf2 \strokec2 or not ? Explain your answer?\
\
\cb4 In C++, I imagine pass by reference is used more often than in other programming languages and in large scale projects, it would be ideal to use whenever applicable. Pointers are a unique feature of c++ and make it relatively easy for the programmer to use the address location, which can shorten the amount of assignments and definitions in a program.\cb3  \cf0 \strokec0 \
}