{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9020\viewh11960\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 James Lawson\
CIS 250 11/05/18
\fs48 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Summaries\
\
Placing Classes in Separate Files\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 Bucky begins by opening a new project (following steps via Xcode on mac unlike Bucky on windows) as a command line tool, then file > create new file. He creates it as a cpp file (where we write the body of our functions) and the header file, where we will write the header functions. He uses the double semi colons to write the code for your functions in cpp, basically saying thisClass::thisFunction. This allows you to re use the classes later on, rather than writing it all, main function included from scratch over and over.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf0 Class Declarations & Implementation, Beginning Programming with Visual Studio C++\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Bucky adds a header and cpp file like in the previous file, naming it Weapon. The first letter of the class name is generally capitalized. He already had the class built out in notepad, he copy and pasted it and then separated it into the header and cpp file. Because the header file \'93#includes\'94 the cpp file, he only links the header file in to the main.cpp. Bucky then backtracks after using the class with dot notation, and shows how much easier it is to interpret the code when comments are included. The formal comments help show us the specific purpose of functions and variables in the .cpp file.\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf0 Inheritance I\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Inheritance is the idea that in a class, you can \'93inherit\'94 functions and variables from another class. Bucky begins by creating one class named \'93Mother\'94. The second class is called \'93Daughter\'94. This is very similar to the naming conventions in HTML & CSS with Javascript Code, as the parent element is whichever element the \'93child\'94 elements and nested within. The initial class is the base class, as the following classes will inherit the code from that base. You can inherit the base code by using a single semi colon and listing the class with a public type, \
\
class Daughter : public Mother\
\{\
\}; \
\
Once you\'92ve done that, the instances of that derived class can utilize the attributes of that base class in your main function.\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf0 Inheritance II\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 The video begins by explaining how using inheritance in building your classes can expand the usability of that class, one example given is how the properties of a triangle (perimeter, area) will often be different. He creates what he calls accessors and mutators (which looked a lot like what we\'92ve been calling getters and setters) in addition to his constructors and destructors. He solves the error in not being able to solve area in the child isosceles, by inheriting the parent class. In the main.cpp, he explains how the child class is the only class that needs to be declared in the instance, as it\'92s already inheriting the .cpp of that parent class. He creates the Isosceles by using the \'93overload\'94 constructor which passes in three variable arguments: int newBase, int newSideOne and int newHeight. This Isosceles class inherits the height property from triangle.h, and then triangle.cpp. As instructed the video, I did have to slow down and re watch the beginning of the video when he declared an instance of the Isosceles class, as there is more to the inheritance here using the parameterized constructor that uses arguments from multiple classes. The printInfo() prints the base, height and equalSide values that the user input.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}