{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red243\green235\blue10;
\red155\green35\blue147;\red0\green0\blue0;\red28\green0\blue207;\red92\green38\blue153;\red196\green26\blue22;
\red57\green0\blue160;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c96264\c92423\c0;
\csgenericrgb\c60759\c13753\c57628;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c11000\c0\c81000;\csgenericrgb\c35922\c14825\c60191;\csgenericrgb\c77000\c10200\c8600;
\csgenericrgb\c22454\c0\c62803;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\qr\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs31\fsmilli15947 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 James Lawson\
03/13/19\
CIS 118\
Week 9 - Complex if\'92s (10 questions)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
a.What is a logical short circuit? for the AND and OR\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\cb4 Answer: Short circuit is a condition involving && and/or || that is evaluated to true or false before the computer reads the entire condition. In example, if one of the first conditions before || evaluates to true, than the condition is true as only one of them needs to be true. Or, if your using && and one of the first conditions evaluates to false, the entire condition will evaluate to false as all must be true for the condition to be true.\
\cb3 \
b.How should you organize the expressions in a certain order to take advantage of the short circuit of a complex condition ?\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\cb4 Answer: Place the most relevant or determining conditions in the beginning of the statement, this way the program will evaluate ASAP, rather than running through each individual condition.\
\cb3 \
c.\cf0 \strokec0  \cf2 \strokec2 What does the\cf0 \strokec0  \cf2 \strokec2 ( a = a ) used as a condition do? Code it up and try it. Declare and assign a:  int a = 42;\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\cb4 Answer: 
\f1\b\fs22 \cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 int
\f2\b0 \cf6  main()\{
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs22 \cf6     
\f1\b \cf5 int
\f2\b0 \cf6  a = \cf7 42\cf6 ;
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\f2\fs22 \cf6     
\f1\b \cf5 if
\f2\b0 \cf6  (a = a)\{
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\f2\fs22 \cf6         \cf8 cout\cf6  << \cf9 "true"\cf6  << \cf10 endl\cf6 ;
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\f2\fs22 \cf6     \} 
\f1\b \cf5 else
\f2\b0 \cf6  \{
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\f2\fs22 \cf6         \cf8 cout\cf6  << \cf9 "error"\cf6  << \cf10 endl\cf6 ;
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\f2\fs22 \cf6     \}
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\f2\fs22 \cf6     
\f1\b \cf5 return
\f2\b0 \cf6  \cf7 0\cf6 ;
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\f2\fs22 \cf6 \}
\f0\fs31\fsmilli15947 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 This statement returns true.\cb3 \
\
d.Give an example of a multiple AND condition you use in your ever day life.\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\cb4 Answer: 
\b if
\b0 (\'91working in SF today && tools and material are there)\{\
	I will take my personal vehicle 
\b else 
\b0 \{\
	I will need to take one of the company vans\
	\}\
\cb3 	\
\
e.Give an example of a multiple OR condition you use in your ever day life.\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\cb4 Answer: 
\b if
\b0 (working late || roommates are out of town)\{\
		lock all windows and doors 
\b else 
\b0 \{\
		leave side gate only unlocked \}\
\cb3 \
\
f.What is the purpose of a Truth Table ?\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\cb4 Answer: The truth table provides a programmer with the and, or and not logical relationships and can help one assess conditions in a program.\
\cb3 \
g.Which of\cf0 \strokec0  \cf2 \strokec2 the 3 code examples in this\cf0 \strokec0  \cf2 \strokec2 lecture compile correctly or do they have syntax errors ?\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\cb4 Answer: The 3 examples compiled correctly however I noticed out << endl; in a few places that could\'92ve been reduced by adding the endl; at the end of a previous output statement, instead of creating a new line of code.\
\cb3 \
h.What is the difference between a simple and complex condition ?\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\cb4 Answer: A simple condition may only have a singular expression, meaning if the one thing evaluates to true or false, the statement is complete. In a complex condition, multiple things must evaluate to true or false to reach a more specific end result\
\cb3 \
i.What is the best type of criteria ?\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\cb4 Answer: In C++, it is best practice to use precise, logical criteria in expressions to avoid overlapping and cross referencing in the program.\
\cb3 \
j.\cf0 \strokec0  \cf2 \strokec2 What happens if you use the condition (TRUE) in\cf0 \strokec0  \cf2 \strokec2 an if statement, is it good to do so?\cf0 \strokec0 \
\
\cb4 Answer: I think it would be redundant to include (true) in an if statement, as the purpose of the condition statement is to evaluate something to true or false. I suppose it could function if you are editing someone else code and need a certain operation to run regardless of the condition, you could replace the expression with TRUE, instead of dissecting the code. With that said, taking such shortcuts could just make much more work for the programmer later on in development, so I don\'92t think it is good practice.\
\cb3 \
\
}