{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red243\green235\blue10;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c96264\c92423\c0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16160\viewh11720\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\qr\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 James Lawson\
CIS 118 \
4/2/19 (late)\
Week 10 - Alternative Sequences - Switch\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
1)Can a switch statement do the same thing as an if else statement?  if so, give an example.\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\cb4 Answer: A switch statement can do the same thing as an if else, and in many cases it should be used in place of one. For example, a condition where as long as a user is 17 they may purchase movie tickets alone and need guardian approval if not may be multiple else statements that repeat the same (userAge < 18) for every else if statement. A switch statement however, would only require you to write that statement once, and do the rest in \'93cases\'94.\
\cb3 \
2)What data types can you use in a switch statement ?\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\cb4 Answer: Integral data types can be used in a switch statement, which are integer and char.\
\cb3 \
3)What does the break statement do ?\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf2 \cb4 \outl0\strokewidth0 Answer: The \'91break;\'92 statement following each or any case in a switch statement will stop the program from running once the case fits the condition in parentheses at the top.
\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
4)What does\cf0 \strokec0  \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Fall Through\'94mean ?\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf2 \cb4 \outl0\strokewidth0 Answer: Fall Through is when there are no breaks in the switch, allowing the program to continue running as it tests the switch argument against every case listed for criteria.
\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
5)What does the default word do in a switch statement ?\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf2 \cb4 \outl0\strokewidth0 Answer: The default acts as the final case at the end of the switch that will be toggled given none of the cases fit the criteria, or at the very end in a Fall Through. In an elaborate if statement, it is like an equivalent to the final else statement.
\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
6)What are the uses for the switch statement ?\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf2 \cb4 \outl0\strokewidth0 Answer: A switch statement can be used in a program to test conditions based on user input or the state of a thing to determine a logical outcome.
\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
7)Why does the switch start in the OFF state ?\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf2 \cb4 \outl0\strokewidth0 Answer: If the switch statement started in the ON state, toggling other cases would not have the desired affecting of determining which condition brings it to the ON state.
\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
8)Is it necessary to have switch statement, or can you do basically the same with if, and if else statements ?\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf2 \cb4 \outl0\strokewidth0 Answer: Switch Statements can be a necessary way of making the conditions in the if or if else statements clearer, simpler to read and to understand.
\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
9)Which are the only data types that can be used with the switch conditions/cases ?\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf2 \cb4 \outl0\strokewidth0 Answer: Integral types, which are integer and char
\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
10)Find a good www.youtube.com\cf0 \strokec0  \cf2 \strokec2 video that explains the switch statement in C++, write a summary.\
\
\cb4 Uploader: thenewboston  Title: C++ Tutorial - 21 - Switch Statement\cf0 \strokec0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 Answer: A switch statement is much like an if/ else if statement, but much clearer to read. In \'91thenewboston\'92\'92s video on youtube, he b begins with an output statement that asks how many legs the user has, followed by the user input value cin >> x to assign their input.\
\
Afterwards, cases are listed for possible user input values, i.e. case: 1 cout >> \'93you are a pirate\'94; \
\
At the end of each case, a \'91break;\'92 statement is added, which will end the program once the case matches the user input, rather than falling through. When the user enters an input that matches the case options, it will execute the code below it (the cout >> \'93\'94 in this application), if no cases match, it will execute a default case at the bottom. The default output for this program is \'93cout >> \'93I don\'92t know what you are\'94;\'94
\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 11)What does the default option do in a switch statement ?\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf2 \cb4 \outl0\strokewidth0 Answer: The default option will serve as a case to be executed in the event that none of the other case options match with the variable of integral type that is being tested in the switch.
\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
12)Can you have two or more conditions for a case in a switch ? ( Internet research )\cf0 \strokec0  \
\
\cb4 Answer: In a switch statement you can test two conditions in one case, simply by placing them on top of each other.\
i.e.\
case 4\
case 5\
cout >> you chose 4 or 5;\
\cb3 \
\cf2 \strokec2 13)Can you turn the switch statement OFF, after it is turned ON ?( Internet research )\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\cb4 Answer: Stack overflow: A switch statement isn\'92t a iteration construct, it can only select the case that matches with the criteria being tested and execute that block of code, the flow of control cannot go back up to the top and retest conditions due to that.\
\cb3 \
14)Can you have fall through with cascading if statements ?\cf0 \strokec0 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\cb4 Answer: If statements cannot fall through because once the condition matches the criteria it will execute the intended code for that condition and end the program. \
\cb3 \
15)What do you prefer, the if or switch statement ? Why...\
\
\cb4 Answer: I prefer the switch statement, as it not only gives the programmer more latitude to test conditions of a thing, it also represents the code in a clear, more understandable format than the \'91if\'92 for other programmers to read in the future.\
\cb3 \
\cf0 \strokec0 \
}